///The rumbling and revving of engines and the dull scream of a * siren suggest that the player is inside a sort of fire truck. 
A  holo-screen flickers on and a man, stern-looking but wise, appears before you. *

Battalion Chief Mizu

Listen Finch, I know that you’re still a probationary recruit 

but things are getting serious and we need all hands on deck. 

The image of Mizu gets smaller and an image of a phoenix emblem 

appears.

Battalion Chief Mizu

As you know the Cult of the Phoenix has started to wreak major 

havoc on the US. At first they were an odd religious group 

claiming to find peace with the element of fire.

Another image, this time of a fiery, warped carnival landscape.

Battalion Chief Mizu

But they’ve finally shown their true intentions. They plan to 

make our country into some type of giant theme park that serves 

suffering rather than smiles.

Another Image, one of a small water sprite.

Battalion Chief Mizu

Unfortunately, they got the one up on us. Somehow they managed 

to get into one of our major science facilities a take several 

of our Undyne hostage.

The chief again takes up most of the screen.

Battalion Chief Mizu

We already have some of our best people on the hunt for the 

members and the other Undyne, but you’re the only recruit in 

this area who can save the Undyne here. I won’t lie to you, 

Finch, this will be no easy task. But you’ve shown exemplary 

skills during training and the department and once you get the 

Undyne, you’ll be ready for battle. Do you need to hear this 

again?

If player says no:

Battalion Chief Mizu

Excellent! May the WATER flow through you.

We have no time for that! Be vigilant Finch, and may the WATER 

If player says yes:

Battalion Chief Mizu

flow through you.

Fadeout or screen goes off.

The player is plopped into the first level where they are taught 

how to Jump. They learn about the varying types of platforms and 

for enemies can be avoided using this method. Near the end of 

the level, a small blue blob lays on the ground. Running over it 

will cause the player to hear a small chime. A text box will 

show up on the low-third of the screen with the small blob in 

the corner. 

Tyne

Oh thank goodness you’re here! I was just about to evaporate for 

good. My name’s Tyne and I’m one of the WATER Undyne. Let me 

gather the data from your WATER gun. 

The players can continue through dialogue using a button

Tyne

Finch huh? And a new recruit no less. Seems like we’re getting 

desperate in this situation. No matter, with me backing you up, 

we can conquer anything! Now that I’m with you, you can press 

[button] to jump higher and go further. 

The player is now faced with new platforms that allow them to do 

just that. They face a combination of all the obstacles in the 

level before exiting.///